Remove references to 3.2.0 (#3671)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/ci-cd-with-wso2-api-management.md

#### a. Promoting APIs in a Git repository to upper environments via CI/CD

> The repository that you committed the project in the above step <a href="#E">E</a> needs to be cloned into the instance that is executing the CI/CD process. **apictl** has the inbuilt support to integrate with a Git based version control system. It gives a unified command `vcs deploy` to deploy any type of project (e.g., APIs, API Products, and Apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository that you committed the project in the above step <a href="#E">E</a> needs to be cloned into the instance that is executing the CI/CD process. The API controller (**apictl**) has inbuilt support for integrating with a Git-based version control system. It gives a unified command `vcs deploy` to deploy any type of project (e.g., APIs, API Products, and Apps).
```
